pure joy and gave yesterday with joy
He is very happy with my first title.
state
my first cruise internship and already
being crowned with that
thank very much the same in
my family members helped me
much in the day to day
I'm glad you could not join us today.
I was helping the lipo is encouraging
but the team is to be congratulated again
demonstrating the superiority there neither of
the field and are doubtful
Congratulations with the effort, determination and
claw of the line there is containing a
very important title
It's true the supporters are fans
is that it supports us so much in encouraging
so that it will be present in the
always mincing the mine is
our mineral ore is ours is ours to
We have a group of great quality and
who knows what it is that only 11 who play
marcelo tries to head that it is good and I am
happy to have taken part in almost everyone
the games and realize this title today
How difficult is your team's athletic
very well-managed and was a
competitive game of good technique
any oversight could complicate the
the other cruise I thought was
consistent in the game scored well not
used all the time regulation
because it has created opportunities and
tried to at least annul the best
Athletic players are and the fact that
been so difficult that it values ​​even more
to itown in the beautiful house
Look, that's when the merger will not play.
reason for the return of the rock star
wanted to start knowing if champion
the elevation is this one here knows not radio
if it had been canceled this is how it converts
if in 2000 it was another look
It's hard to have that one , we do not talk.
stay there, the tip is yours